Hey everyone.
So in this video we're going to be
going over frequent terminology.
Terminology that we will be using
throughout the course here.
>> So first we have the board.
So that's just we're gonna use the word
the board, instead of saying DragonBoard
410c all the time
>> And the next thing we have is boot,
which is just starting your board.
>> Right.
And oftentimes you're going to say
something like open up your terminal,
the terminal is basically a command line.
So on Windows, if you're running Windows,
you're gonna use the MS-DOS
command prompt, or
on the Unix system you're gonna use the
terminal that comes with the Unix system.
>> The next thing we have
is the Android Studio.
We'll be doing a lot of programs on
Android Studio, a lot of applications.
So it's basically an IDE.
If you remember back
from the previous videos,
it's an Integrated
Development Environment.
And then the next thing we
have here is dip switches.
Dip switches are switches on
the back of the dragon board.
And these switches will have to
be configured in a certain way to
boot the board up in different methods.
>> Yeah,
we'll go over that in a later module, so
don't worry about it too much right now.
>> Right, thank you Randy.
And the next thing you have is the script,
which is actually an executable file.
We'll explain more about
that in coming modules.
And it's basically a script that will
make our life easier, basically.
>> [LAUGH] So
the next thing we have is fastboot.
So that's a way to install
an operating system,
using your computer instead
of something like an SD card.
And finally, we have Flashing,
which is the process we're gonna use,
or call overwriting an existing OS with
say, another OS, or maybe the same one.
Because maybe your
original OS was messed up.
>> Right.
And so with that,
that concludes Frequent Terminology.
And
>> like the other videos,
feel free to pause at any time and
look back at these definitions.
Familiarize yourself with this.
And we'll see you in the next video.